PEP 630: Format and copyedit prior to conversion into a docs HOWTO guide (#2459)
python/peps: pep-0630.rst

PEP: 630
Title: Isolating Extension Modules
Author: Petr Viktorin <encukou@gmail.com>

> Discussions-To: https://mail.python.org/archives/list/capi-sig@python.org/

Author: ```suggestion
Discussions-To: capi-sig@python.org
```

#2467 will automatically convert bar email addresses to a direct link to the list, so this change is no longer necessary

.. note::
   Sharing truly immutable objects between interpreters is fine,
   as long as they don't provide access to mutable objects.
   However, in CPython, every Python object has a mutable implementation
   detail: the reference count. Changes to the refcount are guarded by the GIL.
   Thus, code that shares any Python objects across interpreters implicitly
   depends on CPython's current, process-wide GIL.

> 
>    :pep:`683` proposes a mechanism to mark certain objects as
>    immortal, such that they will be truly immutable, though is is likewise
>    considered an internal implementation detail.

Reviewer: I don't want to put this in the HOWTO. There's a lot of details this note is omitting, and a proposal to change some of them isn't particularly relevant.
```suggestion
```
(PEP 684 (A Per-Interpreter GIL) will affect extension authors, but that documentation should be added when the PEP is implemented.)

Author: Okay; I added this since you refer to a number related draft and approved PEPs elsewhere in the document, and in the context that the target of this PR is still a PEP (and presumably, will remain on this repo in this state indefinitely, presumably marked "Final" and with a prominent admonition redirecting users to the current canonical HOWTO).

Author: ```suggestion
```

      you must update ``Py_LIMITED_API`` to ``0x030b0000``, losing ABI
      compatibility with earlier versions.

Slot methods -- the fast C equivalents for special methods, such as `nb_add
<https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.PyNumberMethods.nb_add>`__
for ``__add__`` or `tp_new
<https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.PyTypeObject.tp_new>`__
for initialization -- have a very simple API that doesn't allow

> passing in the defining class, as is the case in ``PyCMethod``.

Reviewer: That sounds verbose. Would “with” work here?
```suggestion
passing in the defining class as with ``PyCMethod``.
```

Author: The issue here is that it doesn't come across clearly to me what particular aspect is being implicitly referred to here that "is the case with ``PyCMethod``", and more specifically, whether it is being _compared_ or _contrasted_ with slot methods. Also, the comma is still required to set the phrase off and establish the intended semantic structure. However, an equally short approach that is actually clearer than my original revision is

```suggestion
passing in the defining class, unlike with ``PyCMethod``.
```
